from gensim import corpora, models
from nltk.corpus import stopwords
from nltk.tokenize import word_tokenize
from multiprocessing import Pool, freeze_support  # Ensure you import Pool and freeze_support
import random
from nltk import pos_tag
from nltk.tokenize import word_tokenize



def process_document(document):
    # Tokenize and remove stop words
    random.seed(8)
    stop_words = set(stopwords.words('english'))
    with open("C:/Users/Maria Konovalov/Downloads/English_Names_All.csv", "r") as f:
        name_stopwords = f.read()
    name_stopwords_list = name_stopwords.split()
    stop_words.update(name_stopwords_list)
    
    tokens = [word for word in word_tokenize(document.lower()) if (word not in stop_words and word.isalpha())]
    # Perform POS tagging
    
    return tokens

if __name__ == '__main__':
    # Sample data: list of documents
    documents = [
        "dream. His face — whose bronzed hues and bold features are strongly defined against the soft satin of the pillow which supports his head— is turned to the light, and you discover that Brother Caleb is sleeping with his eyes wide open and teeth set firmly together. Brother Caleb's face, with sunken cheeks, wide mouth and thin lips, forehead widening over the brows, and eyes bulging from their lids, does not present a pleasant picture at any time, but now, agitated by the terrors of a dream, and mocked by the very contrast of the silken pillow and velvet curtain, it is as hideous as the phantom of a nightmare. And yet he is sleeping there, the owner of the splendid mansion, like an unsightly kernel, within a rich, luxurious shell. He is so very, very rich. A bachelor, too, with no care of wife or child upon his soul. For him, a thousand, and ten thousand slaves, are waiting ever— not slaves with black faces, and owned by the life-time merely — but slaves of all hues and races, whose services he may purchase with his pieces of gold, and his slips of bank note paper. There is something grand in the idea. Here sleeps a Rich Man who has no care, save that involved in the legal enjoyment of his appetites. His money — how gained, where acquired, is not your business — his money, is but the embodied toil of some ten thousand slaves; the work of ten thousand common people, petrified into bank notes and brick walls. This money would make ten thousand poor men happy. This money would give educa tion to twenty thousand poor men's children This money, properly applied, would deprive the penitentiary and the gallows of many a victim, and very likely turn every victim into an honest man. But away with thoughts like these. Who talks of depriving Brother Caleb of his — PROPERTY? Property, however won, is defended by Law, and sanctified by Religion. Whatever robbery Property may choose to commit, it is your part to remain silent. But let any ragged wretch, pilfer only one of Property's bank notes, and you shall see, forth with, that Property is soundly backed by Judge and Penitentiary. One day I saw a crowd of meanly dressed women, holding children by their hands, go sadly up the marble steps of a Bank. That bank had failed, and these women and children were by its failure, deprived of the very means of life. There was no law for the woman and the child; there was no Judge, bold enough to try these robbers of the Bank. Another day, I heard, that some thief — or band of thieves — had stolen seventy thousand dollars, from the President of a bank. At once the whole community was in uproar. The press rung out, the terrible theft, from Maine to the Rio Grande. Judges and juries were ready to try the thieves, and Courts sat week",
        "is an honest woman, she hath her marriage lines (for you know I am your lawful wife though holy Church hath come between us), and he will set me where the honest women be. I will not sit among ill women, no, not in heaven; for their mind is not my mind, nor their soul my soul. I have stood, unbeknown, at my window, and heard their talk.’ For some time she was unable to say any more, but made signs to him that she had not done. At last she recovered her breath, and bade him look at the picture. It was the portrait he had made of her when they were young together, and little thought to part so soon. He held it in his hands and looked at it, but could scarce see it. He had left it in fragments, but now it was whole. ‘They cut it to pieces, Gerard. But see, Love mocked at their knives. ‘I implore thee with my dying breath, let this picture hang ever in thine eye. ‘I have heard that such as die of the plague, unspotted, yet after death spots have been known to come out; and, oh, I could not bear thy last memory of me to be so. Therefore, as soon as the breath is out of my body, cover my face with this handkerchief, and look at me no more till we meet again, 'twill not be so very long. O promise.’ ‘I promise,’ said Gerard, sobbing. ‘But look on this picture instead. Forgive me; I am but a woman. I could not bear my face to lie a foul thing in thy memory. Nay, I must have thee still think me as fair as I was true. Hast called me an angel once or twice; but be just! did I not still tell thee I was no angel, but only a poor simple woman, that whiles saw clearer than thou because she looked but a little way, and that loves thee dearly, and never loved but thee, and now with her dying breath prays thee indulge her in this, thou that art a man.’ ‘I will. I will. Each word, each wish is sacred.’ ‘Bless thee! Bless thee! So then the eyes that now can scarce see thee, they are so troubled by the pest, and the lips that shall not touch thee to taint thee, will still be before thee, as they were when we were young and thou didst love me.’ ‘When I did love thee, Margaret! Oh, never loved I thee as now.’ ‘Hast not told me so of late.’ ‘Alas! hath love no voice but words? I was a priest; I had charge of thy soul; the sweet offices of a pure love were lawful; words of love imprudent at the least. But now the good fight is won, ah me! Oh my love, if thou hast lived doubting of thy Gerard's heart, die not so: for never was woman loved",
        "but by distribution. To the primary sound we may shut our ears; but the reverberation of it in echoes is irresistible. On his way back, Midwinter's one desire had been to find Allan up, and to speak to him immediately. His one hope now was to gain time to contend with the new doubts and to silence the new misgivings—his one present anxiety was to hear that Allan had gone to bed. He turned the corner of the house, and presented himself before the men smoking their pipes in the back garden. As soon as their astonishment allowed them to speak, they offered to rouse their master. Allan had given his friend up for that night, and had gone to bed about half an hour since. “It was my master's particular order, sir,” said the head footman, “that he was to be told of it if you came back.” “It is myparticular request,” returned Midwinter, “that you won't disturb him.” The men looked at each other wonderingly, as he took his candle and left them. Appointedhours for the various domestic events of the day were things unknown at Thorpe-Ambrose. Irregular in all his habits, Allan accommodated himself to no stated times (with the solitary exception of dinner-time) at any hour of the day or night. He retired to rest early or late, and he rose early or late, exactly as he felt inclined. The servants were forbidden to call him; and Mrs. Gripper was accustomed to improvise the breakfast as she best might, from the time when the kitchen fire was first lighted, to the time when the clock stood on the stroke of noon. Towards nine o'clock on the morning after his return, Midwinter knocked at Allan's door; and on entering the room, found it empty. After inquiry among the servants, it appeared that Allan had risen that morning before the man who usually attended on him was up, and that his hot water had been brought to the door by one of the housemaids, who was then still in ignorance of Midwinter's return. Nobody had chanced to see the master, either on the stairs or in the hall; nobody had heard him ring the bell for breakfast as usual. In brief, nobody knew anything about him, except what was obviously clear to all—that he was not in the house. Midwinter went out under the great portico. He stood at the head of the flight of steps considering in which direction he should set forth to look for his friend. Allan's unexpected absence added one more to the disquieting influences which still perplexed his mind. He was in the mood in which trifles irritate a man, and fancies are all-powerful to exalt or depress his spirits. The sky was cloudy; and the wind blew in puffs from the south— there was every prospect, to weather-wise eyes, of coming rain. While Midwinter was still hesitating, one of the grooms passed him on the drive below. The man proved, on being",
        "her arms. “Bundle in there, and be quick about it!” said 23. The little woman, who did not seem as much offended as might have been expected of her at this somewhat free-and-easy manner of being addressed by your omnibus-driver, bundled in, and bundled the baby in, and bundled in the little girl, and when they had all bundled into a seat together Eunice saw that it was Marthy Ann. “Got the young uns shod?” roared 23, through the loop-hole. “Good gracious me, Dan! I 'm not deef, and there 's no need of tellin' the passengers all as I went into town for,” said Marthy, blushing as prettily as ever a little woman of her size blushed in the world. “Though I didbuy the baby a pair of red ankle-ties, and, thinks says I, I 'll give 'em to her to carry and keep her still, and what should she do but try to swallow 'em, and one of 'em sticking down her throat like to strangle her, and when I pulled it out, there it is, all turned violet in a streak across the toes, — the mischief!” “Give her t' other,” suggested 23. “Make her suck 'em both alike.” “I thought of that,” said Marthy; “a violet foxing would n't be bad.” Marthy was so grave and pretty and happy about this bit of chatter, and she seemed, as she used to seem, so fond of her new baby, and 23 so fond of her, that Eunice felt her heart warmed through by Marthy almost as much as had poor Nixy, listening to her lullaby on the kitchen lounge. She drew her veil and watched the children behind it; the little girl sat close beside her, and attracted by the whiteness of her hand, which lay, half gloved, upon her lap, she put up her little finger and felt it over shyly. Eunice raised the child's hand gently to her lips (wondering if such a happy little matron as Marthy would be quite willing that she should kiss her child), and slipped a tiny silver piece (as large as the hand would hold) into it, as she laid it back. “Hush!” she whispered, “can you tell your mother something for me, if I ask you to?” The child nodded, — a dumpy little nod, but emphatic. “And not tell her — mind! — till I have got out of the omnibus?” The little girl shook her head shrewdly. “I want you then to tell her, — and you can have the silver, — I want you to tell your mother, God bless her, and God bless the baby, and God bless you!” “How funny! What for?” “Because your mother is a good woman — a good woman; and once, long ago, she was kind to a poor little girl to whom nobody else was kind — but just your father there; and so I want you to tell her, for it is easy for you to remember:",
        "suppose?” “I don't know but I might, sir,” answered Ithuel, rolling his eyes around him, curious to ascertain what the other would be at. “I don't know but I might remember, on a pinch, sir; though, to own the truth, my memory is none of the most desperate best.” “Well, then, where was it? Recollect that the life of your late friend, Raoul Yvard, may depend on your answer.” “I want to know!—Well, this Europe isa curious part of the world, as all must admit, that come from Ameriky. What has Captain Rule done now, sir, that he stands in such jeopardy?” “You know that he is convicted as a spy; and my orders are to have him executed, unless we can get his lugger. Then, indeed, we may possibly show him a little favour; as we do not make war so much on individuals, as on nations.” Cuffe would probably have been puzzled to explain the application of his own sentiment to the case before him; but, presuming on his having to deal with one who was neither very philosophical nor logical himself, he was somewhat indifferent to his own mode of proceeding, so that it effected the object. Ithuel, however, was not understood. Love for Raoul, or the lugger, or, indeed, for anything else, himself excepted, formed no part of his character; while hatred of England had got to be incorporated with the whole of his moral system; if such a man could be said to have a moral system at all. He saw nothing to be gained by serving Raoul, in particular; though this he might have done did nothing interfere to prevent it; while he had so strong an aversion to suffering the English to get le Feu-Follet, as to be willing even to risk his own life, in order to prevent it. His care, therefore, was to accomplish his purpose, with the least hazard to himself. “And, if the lugger can be had, sir, you intend to let Captain Rule go?” he asked, with an air of interest. “Ay, we maydo that; though it will depend on the admiral. Can you tell us where you left her, and where she probably now is?” “Captain Rule has said the first, already, sir. He told the truth, about that, before the court. But, as to telling where the lugger is now, I 'll defy any man to do it! Why, sir, I 've turned in, at eight bells, and left her, say ten or fifteen leagues dead to leeward of an island, or a light-house, perhaps; and on turning out at eight bells, in the morning, found her, just as far to windward of the same object. She 's as oncalculating craft as I ever put foot aboard of.” “Indeed!” said Cuffe, ironically; “I do not wonder that her captain's in a scrape.” “Scrape, sir!—The Folly is nothing buta scrape. I 've tried my hand at keeping her reck'nin'.” “You!” “Yes, sir, I; Ithuel Bolt, that 's",
        "completed by the details of his life, as he recalled them from time to time; but his bitter, disappointed, unbelieving mood always came to the surface, and I began to fear that it had already predetermined the character of his after-life. One day, when he had been unusually gloomy in his utterances, he handed me a letter, saying, “Read that.” It was from his sister, and ran, as nearly as I can recollect, as follows: — “ My dear Brother,— Yours of the 10th is received. I am now so accustomed to your sarcastic style, that I always know what to expect when I open one of your epistles. I wish you joy of your — well, I must say ournew cousin, though I am sorry you did not let me know of the discovery before telling him.He must be gaucheand unpresentable in a degree; but then, I suppose, there 's no likelihood of his ever getting into our set.It is time your schooling was finished, so that I might have you for awhile as my chevalier.Between ourselves, I 'm rather tired of going about with” (here the word “Mamma” had evidently been written and then blotted out) “Mrs. Penrose. Not but what she continues to improve, — only, I am never certain of her not committing some niaiserie,which quite puts me out. However, she behaves well enough at home, and I hope you will overcome your prejudice in the end, for my sake. When you know as much about Society as I do, you will see that it 's always best to smooth over what 's irrevocable. People are beginning to forget the scandal, since that affair of Denbigh has given them something else to talk about. We were at Mrs. Delane's ball on Wednesday; I made her put on blue cut velvet, and she did not look so bad. Mrs. Vane nodded, and of course shewas triumphant. I think Papa gives me the credit for all that has been done, — I 'm sure I deserve it. It 's a race between Mrs. P. and myself which shall have the new India shawl at Stokes's; but I shall get it, because Mrs. P. knows that I could teach her to blunder awfully as well as to behave correctly, and woulddo it, in spite of Papa's swearing, if she drives me to desperation. By the by, he has just come into the room, and says, `You are writing to the cub, as usual, I suppose, Matilda.' So there you have him, to the life.” There was much more, in the same style. I must have colored, with offended pride, on reading the opening lines, for on looking up, involuntarily, I saw my cousin smile, but so frankly and pleasantly that it instantly healed the wound his sister made. I confess the letter disgusted me; but it was written by my own cousin also, and I did not dare to express to her brother what I felt. I handed the",
        "rashly. It is science against science. Charge and repel— mine and countermine — plot and counterplot, until the strife is over, to subside into reminiscences of the game, contestants proving on the ends of the fingers that, if so and so had been done, thus and so would have been the result. Ah, happy the hours, in the years gone by, spent in this delightful way — and so sinless, so peaceful, so grateful! The memory, busy with the past, recalls scenes in which we participated, many years ago, before this mould accrued upon our beard, and when the hair bore no traces of accumulating silver — when the band was large that met with us in gladness and joy, now, alas! thinned by the changes of time and the vicissitudes of circumstance, involving separation, and worse alienation, through worldly selfishness and the hard-heartedness that money brings with it. Some may say, like the “detestable Jones,” that such memories are vain; that the enjoyments they recall were frivolities better forgotten; that sin found an entrance to the soul through the portals of easy friendship, and the better man was lulled to sleep by the insidious influences of pleasure; but it is pleasant to recall them, nevertheless, and in dreams of joy enact the scenes anew that gave delight then. Whist thus has, like Moses' rod, struck the rock, and memory has poured out like a flood; p676-324 the table is vacant; the guests have flown; not a pasteboard is to be seen; the wind howls by the window and the chimney; and we sit alone by the fire crooning o'er thoughts of lang syne. Regardingoysters, these delightful esculents enter so largely into the comforts and happinesses of life, that a word in their praise may not be amiss. No entertainment is complete without oysters. Men bet oysters; women dote upon oysters; children cry for oysters. Before the softening influence of oysters, human austerity bends, and kindness irradiates features before dark with clouds. Their odor is grateful to the nostrils as the odor of virtue is to the inward sense; we inhale the steamy and savory effluence from the kitchen as a harbinger of pleasant tastes; fancy burns in anticipation of fancy roasts, or indulges in stupendous imaginings of stews, and poesy winds its shell — an oyster-shell— in sounding the praise of oysters. Ruddy Margaret, as she bears the tureen to the table, the epicurean censer, steaming with holy incense to the deity of appetite, becomes invested with new interest. She looks, maugre her “Cork-red” cheeks, angelic amid the misty vapors of an oyster-stew. We draw around the board, happy in gustatory anticipations, never to be disappointed, and uncover (the oyster-dish) in reverence for the occasion, a meet grace before oysters. And participation does not pall, like other pleasures; — we ponder, and dream, and poetize, over our bowl, as the ancients did over their bowl of wine, and are as loth to leave it. But there is no poison",
        "the other sisters you wondered what strange chance had brought them into that remote sparely peopled valley; they were plainly exiles, and conscious exiles, from the movement and exhilarations of a fuller social life. But Catherine impressed you as only a refined variety of the local type; you could have found many like her, in a sense, among the sweet-faced serious women of the neighbouring farms. Now, as she and Rose stood together, her hand still resting lightly on the other's shoulder, a question from Agnes banished the faint smile on her lips, and left only the look of inward illumination, the expression of one who had just passed, as it were, through a strenuous and heroic moment of life, and was still living in the exaltation of memory. ‘So the poor fellow is worse?’ ‘Yes. Doctor Baker, whom they have got to-day, says the spine is hopelessly injured. He may live on paralysed for a few months or longer, but there is no hope of cure.’ Both girls uttered a shocked exclamation. ‘That fine strong young man!’ said Rose under her breath. ‘Does he know?’ ‘Yes; when I got there the doctor had just gone, and Mrs. Tyson, who was quite unprepared for anything so dreadful, seemed to have almost lost her wits, poor thing! I found her in the front kitchen with her apron over her head, rocking to and fro, and poor Arthur in the inner room—all alone—waiting in suspense.’ ‘And who told him? He has been so hopeful.’ ‘I did,’ said Catherine gently; ‘they made me. He would know, and she couldn't—she ran out of the room. I never saw anything so pitiful.’ ‘Oh, Catherine!’ exclaimed Rose's moved voice, while Agnes got up, and Chattie jumped softly down from her lap, unheeded. ‘How did he bear it?’ ‘Don't ask me,’ said Catherine, while the quiet tears filled her eyes and her voice broke, as the hidden feeling would have its way. ‘It was terrible! I don't know how we got through that half-hour—his mother and I. It was like wrestling with some one in agony. At last he was exhausted—he let me say the Lord's Prayer; I think it soothed him, but one couldn't tell. He seemed half asleep when I left. Oh!’ she cried, laying her hand in a close grasp on Rose's arm, ‘if you had seen his eyes, and his poor hands—there was such despair in them! They say, though he was so young, he was thinking of getting married; and he was so steady, such a good son!’ A silence fell upon the three. Catherine stood looking out across the valley towards the sunset. Now that the demand upon her for calmness and fortitude was removed, and that the religious exaltation in which she had gone through the last three hours was becoming less intense, the pure human pity of the scene she had just witnessed seemed to be gaining upon her. Her lip trembled, and two or three tears silently overflowed.",
        "was so headstrong at that time that I paid no heed. And that after the divorce she should have thought of doing so I did not dream.’ The gate of Mrs. Edlin's cottage clicked, and somebody began crossing in the direction of the school. Phillotson said ‘Good-night.’ ‘O, is that Mr. Phillotson,’ said Mrs. Edlin. ‘I was going over to see 'ee. I've been upstairs with her, helping her to unpack her things; and upon my word, sir, I don't think this ought to be!’ ‘What—the wedding?’ ‘Yes. She's forcing herself to it, poor dear little thing; and you've no notion what she's suffering. I was never much for religion nor against it, but it can't be right to let her do this, and you ought to persuade her out of it. Of course everybody will say it was very good and forgiving of 'ee to take her to 'ee again. But for my part I don't.’ ‘It's her wish, and I am willing,’ said Phillotson with grave reserve, opposition making him illogically tenacious now. ‘A great piece of laxity will be rectified.’ ‘I don't believe it. She's his wife if anybody's. She's had three children by him, and he loves her dearly; and it's a wicked shame to egg her on to this, poor little quivering thing! She's got nobody on her side. The one man who'd be her friend the obstinate creature won't allow to come near her. What first put her into this mood o' mind, I wonder!’ ‘I can't tell. Not I certainly. It is all voluntary on her part. Now that's all I have to say.’ Phillotson spoke stiffly. ‘You've turned round, Mrs. Edlin. It is unseemly of you!’ ‘Well. I knowed you'd be affronted at what I had to say; but I don't mind that. The truth's the truth.’ ‘I'm not affronted, Mrs. Edlin. You've been too kind a neighbour for that. But I must be allowed to know what's best for myself and Susanna. I suppose you won't go to church with us, then?’ ‘No. Be hanged if I can. ... I don't know what the times be coming to! Matrimony have growed to be that serious in these days that one really do feel afeard to move in it at all. In my time we took it more careless; and I don't know that we was any the worse for it! When I and my poor man were jined in it we kept up the junketting all the week, and drunk the parish dry, and had to borrow half-a-crown to begin housekeeping!’ When Mrs. Edlin had gone back to her cottage Phillotson spoke moodily. ‘I don't know whether I ought to do it—at any rate quite so rapidly.’ ‘Why?’ ‘If she is really compelling herself to this against her instincts—merely from this new sense of duty or religion—I ought perhaps to let her wait a bit.’ ‘Now you've got so far you ought not to back out of it. That's my opinion.’",
        "full gallop. They encountered no timid enemy. The large body which they charged, consisted (excepting some mounted officers) entirely of infantry, who, setting the but of their lances against their feet, the front rank kneeling, the second stooping, and those behind presenting their spears over their heads, offering such resistance to the rapid charge of the men-at-arms as the hedge-hog presents to his enemy. Few were able to make way through that iron wall; but of those few was Dunois, who, giving spur to his horse, and making the noble animal leap more than twelve feet at a bound, fairly broke his way into the middle of the phalanx, and made towards the object of his animosity. What was his surprise to find Quentin still by his side, and fighting in the same front with himself—youth, desperate courage, and the determination to do or die, having still kept the youth abreast with the best knight in Europe; for such was Dunois reported, and truly reported, at the period. Their spears were soon broken; but the lanzknechts were unable to withstand the blows of their long heavy swords; while the horses and riders, armed in complete steel, sustained little injury from their lances. Still Dunois and Durward were contending with rival efforts to burst forward to the spot where he who had usurped the armorial bearings of Dunois was doing the duty of a good and valiant leader, when Dunois, observing the boar's-head and tusks—the usual bearing of William de la Marck—in another part of the conflict, called out to Quentin, “Thou art worthy to avenge the arms of Orleans! I leave thee the task.—Balafré, support your nephew; but let none dare to interfere with Dunois' boar-hunt!” That Quentin Durward joyfully acquiesced in this division of labour cannot be doubted, and each pressed forward upon his separate object, followed, and defended from behind, by such men-at-arms as were able to keep up with them. But at this moment the column which De la Marck had proposed to support, when his own course was arrested by the charge of Dunois, had lost all the advantages they had gained during the night; while the Burgundians, with returning day, had begun to show the qualities which belong to superior discipline. The great mass of Liegeois were compelled to retreat, and at length to fly; and, falling back on those who were engaged with the French men-at-arms, the whole became a confused tide of fighters, fliers, and pursuers, which rolled itself towards the city-walls, and at last was poured into the ample and undefended breach through which the Liegeois had sallied. Quentin made more than human exertions to overtake the special object of his pursuit, who was still in his sight, striving, by voice and example, to renew the battle, and bravely supported by a chosen party of lanzknechts. Le Balafré, and several of his comrades, attached themselves to Quentin, much marvelling at the extraordinary gallantry displayed by so young a soldier. On the very",
        "great vein that is behind the ear, crushing the man's head down on the table, and stabbing again and again. There was a stifled groan, and the horrible sound of some one choking with blood. Three times the outstretched arms shot up convulsively, waving grotesque stiff-fingered hands in the air. He stabbed him twice more, but the man did not move. Something began to trickle on the floor. He waited for a moment, still pressing the head down. Then he threw the knife on the table, and listened. He could hear nothing, but the drip, drip on the threadbare carpet. He opened the door and went out on the landing. The house was absolutely quiet. No one was about. For a few seconds he stood bending over the balustrade, and peering down into the black seething well of darkness. Then he took out the key and returned to the room, locking himself in as he did so. The thing was still seated in the chair, straining over the table with bowed head, and humped back, and long fantastic arms. Had it not been for the red jagged tear in the neck, and the clotted black pool that was slowly widening on the table, one would have said that the man was simply asleep. How quickly it had all been done! He felt strangely calm, and, walking over to the window, opened it, and stepped out on the balcony. The wind had blown the fog away, and the sky was like a monstrous peacock's tail, starred with myriads of golden eyes. He looked down, and saw the policeman going his rounds and flashing the long beam of his lantern on the doors of the silent houses. The crimson spot of a prowling hansom gleamed at the corner, and then vanished. A woman in a fluttering shawl was creeping slowly by the railings, staggering as she went. Now and then she stopped, and peered back. Once, she began to sing in a hoarse voice. The policeman strolled over and said something to her. She stumbled away, laughing. A bitter blast swept across the Square. The gas-lamps flickered, and became blue, and the leafless trees shook their black iron branches to and fro. He shivered, and went back, closing the window behind him. Having reached the door, he turned the key, and opened it. He did not even glance at the murdered man. He felt that the secret of the whole thing was not to realize the situation. The friend who had painted the fatal portrait to which all his misery had been due, had gone out of his life. That was enough. Then he remembered the lamp. It was a rather curious one of Moorish workmanship, made of dull silver inlaid with arabesques of burnished steel, and studded with coarse turquoises. Perhaps it might be missed by his servant, and questions would be asked. He hesitated for a moment, then he turned back and took it from the table. He could not",
        "thoughts to the prognostics of the weather, which seemed to have made so deep an impression on the mind of the skipper, and for the first time he seriously fell to noting the appearance of the clouds, in search of indications going to justify the latter's predictions. Widely spanning the southeastern horizon, and magnificently arching up nearly half way to the zenith, lay quiescently reposing, a single, enormous thunder-pillar, whose thousand vari-form, encircling folds, each beautifully marked and distinguished with their delicately tinted edgings of pink and gold, swelled gorgeously up, one over another, in snowy whiteness, like flower-clad battlements engirding some huge dome, bathed and glittering in the contrasted light of the setting sun. After gazing admiringly awhile on this splendid semblant edifice of the heavens, in which, however, he read naught except its display of mingled beauty and grandeur, he turned to the west, where the alleged indications of a storm were more particularly visible. The pale, thin, upshooting streaks of cloud, before pointed out to him, had thickened up and run together, now forming the ragged border of a long, muddy looking bank of clouds, slowly heaving up into sight and stretching far along the darkening horizon. Faint, but quick and fast coming electric flashes, at first scarcely more perceptible than the earliest suffusions of the morning, but growing brighter and broader with each returning flash, soon began to quiver and play over the whole extent of the vapory parapet. Being now satisfied that the skipper's predictions, of which he had been so faithless, were to some extent, at least, likely to be fulfilled, he turned back to the great bright cloud in the southeast, which a few minutes before had attracted his attention. All its bright and gorgeous hues had faded away, and in their place a broad leaden mass of vapor, rolled heavily together like a scroll, was darkly brooding over that part of the horizon. Once more he turned to the ominous cloud rising in the west. As slowly as it had appeared in the distance to be rising, it had made such rapid advances that it now extended and hung like some vast black pall over nearly a third part of the visible heavens. The lightning, every instant flashing out from some part of the portentous rack, had now become so vivid and continuous as to leave no room for the encroaches of night, which had otherwise, by this time, enshrouded the earth with darkness. And the thunder, till now inaudible, began to reach the ear in low, broken, but quickly repeating sounds, like the rapid discharge of artillery on some far distant field of battle. Thus far the cloud, except the long, narrow, rifted belt that seemed to lead the van of the mustering forces, had exhibited only one smooth, even, uniform appearance over the whole extent of its dark, lurid surface. But soon its face became ominously varied by several small masses of wild, angry looking cloud now seen rapidly pouring",
        "in blood. They have put the seal to my perdition. My misery has been greater than has fallen to the lot of mortals. Yet it is but beginning. My present path, full as it is of asperities, is better than that into which I must enter, when this is abandoned. Perhaps, if my pilgrimage had been longer, I might, at some future day, have lighted upon hope. In consequence of your interference, I am forever debarred from it. My existence is henceforward to be invariable. The woes that are reserved for me, are incapable alike of alleviation or intermission. But I came not hither to recriminate. I came not hither to accuse others but myself. I know the retribution that is appointed for guilt like mine. It is just. I may shudder at the foresight of my punishment and shrink in the endurance of it; but I shall be indebted for part of my torment to the vigour of my understanding, which teaches me that my punishment is just. Why should I procrastinate my doom and strive to render my burthen more light. It is but just that it should crush me. Its procrastination is impossible. The stroke is already felt. Even now I drink of the cup of retribution. A change of being cannot agravate my woe. Till consciousness itself be extinct, the worm that gnaws me will never perish. Fain would I be relieved from this task. Gladly would I bury in oblivion the transactions of my life: but no. My fate is uniform. The dæmon that controuled me at first is still in the fruition of power. I am entangled in his fold, and every effort that I make to escape only involves me in deeper ruin. I need not conceal, for all the consequences of disclosure are already experienced. I cannot endure a groundless imputation, though to free me from it, I must create and justify imputations still more atrocious. My story may at least be brief. If the agonies of remembrance must be awakened afresh, let me do all that in me lies to shorten them. I was born in the county of Armagh. My parents were of the better sort of peasants, and were able to provide me with the rudiments of knowledge. I should doubtless have trodden in their footsteps, and have spent my life in the cultivation of their scanty fields, if an event had not happened, which, for a long time, I regarded as the most fortunate of my life; but which I now regard as the scheme of some infernal agent and as the primary source of all my calamities. My father's farm was a portion of the demesne of one who resided wholly in the metropolis, and consigned the management of his estates to his stewards and retainers. This person married a lady, who brought him great accession of fortune. Her wealth was her only recommendation in the eyes of her husband, whose understanding was depraved by the prejudices",
        "more in this wise; for verily, sometimes, when thou speakest thus, I am almost tempted to hold thee an enemy to this most gracious yet luckless princess; whom I hold in such esteem, boy, and regard, that if I had yet a heart to give, or a faith to yield, to woman, I should prefer to trust in her, than to any living beauty in all Spain or Portugal.” Such speeches were always apt to humble and to silence the page for a season. The knight no ways withheld his kindnesses and protection from the princess, because of the counsels of the boy. Yet he suffered her not to see that he watched over her; and now, when the passions of the rude and licentious ruffian Pedro Martin had dragged her into the deep thickets, and she shrieked aloud in her last and worst terrors for a champion to save her, she had little reason to think that the chief whom she loved before all, would suddenly appear to her rescue. Philip de Vasconselos was fortunately at hand. He heard the cries of the captive princess. He recognized the voice. He knew the present licentious moods of the Spaniards. He had denounced, as a terrible crime, that requisition upon the Cassique of Chiaha, which had outraged his people, and driven them away to the shelter of the woods. His instinct instantly conceived the danger of the princess; the neglect and disregard of De Soto tending to encourage the audacity of those who were appointed to watch over her. He called to Juan, and hurried with sword drawn into the thickets. He was suddenly confronted by Gil Torres. “It is nothing, Señor Don Philip, but the cries of the heathen woman, the Princess of Cofachiqui, who has been seeking to make escape from us, and whom my comrade, Pedro, has just secured.” “Stand aside, fellow—I must see this comrade of thine.” Martin raised his lance, and caught the knight by the wrist to detain him. With one blow of his gauntletted fist, Vasconselos smote him to the earth, where he lay senseless. Philip hurried into the thicket, where Coçalla still struggled with all her might against the brutal assailant. But she was almost exhausted. She could no longer shriek. She could only oppose. Her long black hair, which swept the ground, was floating dishevelled, her garments were torn, her hands were bloody. At this perilous moment she saw the approach of the knight of Portugal. She knew him at a glance. She could only murmur, “Philip,” and her strength failed her. She sank down senseless. At the sight of Vasconselos, the ruffian fled. The knight raised the princess from the ground. “Bring water, Juan.” The boy obeyed, bringing the water in the knight's helmet, which he threw to him for the purpose. He dashed the face of the princess with the cooling sprinkle. He poured the grateful draught into her lips. She opened her eyes. They lightened with joy. She threw",
        "ratification.” Cecilia, with the utmost alacrity, promised implicitly to follow his advice, whatever might be the opposition of Mr. Harrel, He quitted her, therefore, with unusual satisfaction, happy in his power over her mind, and anticipating with secret rapture the felicity he had in reserve from visiting her during the absence of the family. As no private interview was necessary for making known her intention of giving up the Easter party, which was to take place in two day's time, she mentioned the next morning her design of spending the holidays in town, when Mr. Harrel sauntered into the breakfast room to give some commission to his lady. At first he only laughed at her plan, gaily rallying her upon her love of solitude; but when he found it was serious, he very warmly opposed it, and called upon Mrs. Harrel to join in his expostulations. That lady complied, but in so faint a manner, that Cecilia soon saw she did not wish to prevail; and with a concern that cost her infinite pain, now finally perceived that not only all her former affection was subsided into indifference, but that, since she had endeavoured to abridge her amusements, she regarded her as a spy, and dreaded her as the censor of her conduct. Mean while Mr. Arnott, who was present, though he interfered not in the debate, waited the event with anxiety; naturally hoping her objections arose from her dislike of Sir Robert, and secretly resolving to be guided himself by her motions. Cecilia at length, tired of the importunities of Mr. Harrel, gravely said, that if he desired to hear the reasons which obliged her to refuse his request, she was ready to communicate them. Mr. Harrel, after a little hesitation, accompanied her into another room. She then declared her resolution not to live under the same roof with Sir Robert, and very openly expressed her vexation and displeasure, that he so evidently persisted in giving that gentleman encouragement. “My dear Miss Beverley,” answered he, carelessly, “when young ladies will not know their own minds, it is necessary some friend should tell it them: you were certainly very favourable to Sir Robert but a short time ago, and so, I dare say, you will be again, when you have seen more of him.” “You amaze me, Sir!” cried Cecilia: “when was I favourable to him? Has he not always and regularly been my aversion?” “I fancy,” answered Mr. Harrel, laughing, “you will not easily persuade him to think so; your behaviour at the Opera-house was ill calculated to give him that notion.” “My behaviour at the Opera-house, Sir, I have already explained to you; and if Sir Robert himself has any doubts, either from that circumstance or from any other, pardon me if I say they can only be attributed to your unwillingness to remove them. I entreat you, therefore, to trifle with him no longer, nor to subject me again to the freedom of implications extremely disagreeable to",
        "equal to his mind, there is but little doubt that his acquisitions—honest and honorable ones in every instance— would have sounded his fame to every quarter of the globe. There was Mr. L., self-possessed, amiable, quiet and easy in his manners, and always meditating something new for the benefit of the state, as well as for his own profit. Unfortunately, his mind ran in advance of the necessities of the time; and, as is generally the case with those who introduce novel objects of usefulness, this projector was destined to share the fate of many illustrious predecessors. But still he accomplished much good in his days of prosperity. So long as he confined his energies to mercantile pursuits, he continued to reap a rich reward; and he had the gratification of successfully establishing in business a great number of enterprising young men in that new country. Next, there was Mr. M. P., a gentleman of portly form, and undoubted genius—as pioneers generally are—but who possessed the invaluable faculty of confining all his thoughts and operations to a single, uniform line of business, and of course he hadto grow rich. There was Mr. St**ly, of calm, mild, but thoughtful aspect. He was meditating expeditions beyond the borders of civilization, which were afterwards triumphantly accomplished, and he is now enjoying the fruits of his active life in peaceful retirement with an independent fortune. There was Col. O., who was to become the associate of the last named, and to acquire a still larger fortune, and finally to fall a victim on the field of battle. There was Col. M., of unusual vivacity and extraordinary conversational powers, who subsequently retired in independence, after pursuing a uniform course of business. He became chief magistrate of the state. There was Mr. C. F. J., the happy lover of humor in others, and affording a constant fund of it himself, but at the same time a most enlightened man of business, and the most accomplished chirographer I ever met with. Tall, handsome, and extremely affable, it is no wonder that when he retired with an ample fortune, an unusual degree of popularity should keep him constantly in the councils of the state, and elevate him to the chair of the Assembly. There were E. M. S., H. R., Mr. H***es (subsequently an M. C.), Col. T., besides quite a number of others, most of whom became men of fortune, and achieved other enviable distinctions. There were those, of course, who formed exceptions to this list—men who were not adapted to their business, and failed in it; and others, who were qualified, but lacked the perseverance, to pursue any line of policy long enough to arrive at a desirable result. But every one of them, so far as I am informed, who pursued the legitimate business of a merchant, without being enticed aside into other channels of ill-considered speculation, met with certain success, and reaped a rich reward for all their toils and privations. And so it",
        "completed by the details of his life, as he recalled them from time to time; but his bitter, disappointed, unbelieving mood always came to the surface, and I began to fear that it had already predetermined the character of his after-life. One day, when he had been unusually gloomy in his utterances, he handed me a letter, saying, “Read that.” It was from his sister, and ran, as nearly as I can recollect, as follows: — “ My dear Brother,— Yours of the 10th is received. I am now so accustomed to your sarcastic style, that I always know what to expect when I open one of your epistles. I wish you joy of your — well, I must say ournew cousin, though I am sorry you did not let me know of the discovery before telling him.He must be gaucheand unpresentable in a degree; but then, I suppose, there 's no likelihood of his ever getting into our set.It is time your schooling was finished, so that I might have you for awhile as my chevalier.Between ourselves, I 'm rather tired of going about with” (here the word “Mamma” had evidently been written and then blotted out) “Mrs. Penrose. Not but what she continues to improve, — only, I am never certain of her not committing some niaiserie,which quite puts me out. However, she behaves well enough at home, and I hope you will overcome your prejudice in the end, for my sake. When you know as much about Society as I do, you will see that it 's always best to smooth over what 's irrevocable. People are beginning to forget the scandal, since that affair of Denbigh has given them something else to talk about. We were at Mrs. Delane's ball on Wednesday; I made her put on blue cut velvet, and she did not look so bad. Mrs. Vane nodded, and of course shewas triumphant. I think Papa gives me the credit for all that has been done, — I 'm sure I deserve it. It 's a race between Mrs. P. and myself which shall have the new India shawl at Stokes's; but I shall get it, because Mrs. P. knows that I could teach her to blunder awfully as well as to behave correctly, and woulddo it, in spite of Papa's swearing, if she drives me to desperation. By the by, he has just come into the room, and says, `You are writing to the cub, as usual, I suppose, Matilda.' So there you have him, to the life.” There was much more, in the same style. I must have colored, with offended pride, on reading the opening lines, for on looking up, involuntarily, I saw my cousin smile, but so frankly and pleasantly that it instantly healed the wound his sister made. I confess the letter disgusted me; but it was written by my own cousin also, and I did not dare to express to her brother what I felt. I handed the",
        "be not for me. Some trafficker in happiness, some worthless abuser of the gifts of fortune.” “Thou knowest, Camillo, our Venetian custom, and must see that I am hopelessly in their hands.” “Arise, Duke of St. Agata,” said the monk, with authority; “when I suffered you to enter this palace, it was to remove a scandal from its gates, and to save you from your own rash disregard of the state's displeasure. It is idle to encourage hopes that the policy of the republic opposes. Arise then, and respect your pledges.” “That shall be as this lady may decide. Encourage me with but an approving look, fairest Violetta, and not Venice, with its doge and inquisition, shall stir me an inch from thy feet!” “Camillo!” answered the trembling girl, “thou, the preserver of my life, hast little need to kneel to me!” “Duke of St. Agata—daughter!” “Nay, heed him not, generous Violetta. He utters words of convention—he speaks as all speak in age, when men's tongues deny the feelings of their youth. He is a Carmelite, and must feign this prudence. He never knew the tyranny of the passions. The dampness of his cell has chilled the ardor of the heart. Had he been human, he would have loved; had he loved, he would never have worn a cowl.” Father Anselmo receded a pace, like one pricked in conscience, and the paleness of his ascetic features took a deadly hue. His lips moved as if he would have spoken, but the sounds were smothered by an oppression that denied him utterance. The gentle Florinda saw his distress, and she endeavored to interpose between the impetuous youth and her charge. “It may be as you say, Signor Monforte,” she said, “and that the senate, in its fatherly care, searches a partner worthy of an heiress of a house so illustrious and so endowed as that of Tiepolo. But in this, what is there more than of wont? Do not the nobles of all Italy seek their equals in condition and in the gifts of fortune, in order that their union may be fittingly assorted. How know we that the estates of my young friend have not a value in the eye of the Duke of St. Agata, as well as in those of him that the senate may elect for thy husband?” “Can this be true!” exclaimed Violetta. “Believe it not; my errand in Venice is no secret. I seek the restitution of lands and houses long withheld from my family, with the honors of the senate that are justly mine. All these do I joyfully abandon for the hope of thy favor.” “Thou hearest, Florinda: Don Camillo is not to be distrusted!” “What are the senate and the power of St. Mark, that they should cross our lives with misery? Be mine, lovely Violetta, and in the fastnesses of my own good Calabrian castle we will defy their vengeance and policy. Their disappointment shall furnish merriment for my vassals, and",
        "in a very different attitude, but on the precise spot, where, two or three hours before, I had called on the Almighty to pour out his vials of wrath upon the vessel, myself, and all she contained! At that fearful instant, conscience pricked me, and I felt both shame and dread, at my recent language. It seemed to me as if I had been heard, and that my impious prayers were about to be granted. In the bitterness of my heart, I vowed, should my life be spared, never to be guilty of such gross profanity, again. These feelings, however, occupied me but a moment. I was too much of a real sea-dog to be standing idle at a time like that. There was but one man before the mast on whom I could call for anything in such a strait, and that was a New Yorker, of the name of Jack Neal. This man was near me, and I suggested to him the plan of getting the foretop-mast staysail loose, notwithstanding the mast was gone, in the hope it might blow open, and help the brig's bows round. Jack was a fellow to act, and he succeeded in loosening the sail, which did blow out in a way greatly to help us, as I think. I then proposed we should clamber aft, and try to get the helm up. This we did, also; though I question if the rudder could have had much power, in the position in which the brig lay. Either owing to the fore-top-mast staysail, or to some providential sea, the vessel did fall off, however, and presently she righted, coming up with great force, with a heavy roll to windward. The staysail helped us, I feel persuaded, as the stay had got taut in the wreck, and the wind had blown out the hanks. The brig's helm being hard up, as soon as she got way, the craft flew round like a top, coming up on the other tack, in spite of us, and throwing her nearly over again. She did not come fairly down, however, though I thought she was gone, for an instant. Finding it possible to move, I now ran forward, and succeeded in stopping the wreck into the rigging and bitts. At this time the brig minded her helm, and fell off, coming under command. To help us, the head of the spencer got loose, from the throat-brail up, and, blowing out against the wreck, the whole formed, together, a body of hamper, that acted as a sort of sail, which helped the brig to keep clear of the seas. By close attention to the helm, we were enabled to prevent the vessel from broaching-to again, and, of course, managed to sail her on her bottom. About sunset, it moderated, and, next morning, the weather was fine. We then went to work, and rigged jury-masts; reaching New York a few days later. Had this accident occurred to our vessel in the",
        "I know what you mean, and that's what it is; but we don't call them factories now, but Banded-workshops: that is, places where people collect who want to work together.” “I suppose,” said I, “power of some sort is used there?” “No, no,” said he. “Why should people collect together to use power, when they can have it at the places where they live, or hard by, any two or three of them; or any one, for the matter of that? No; folk collect in these Banded-workshops to do handwork in which working together is necessary or convenient; such work is often very pleasant. In there, for instance, they make pottery and glass,—there, you can see the tops of the furnaces. Well, of course it's handy to have fair-sized ovens and kilns and glass-pots, and a good lot of things to use them for: though of course there are a good many such places, as it would be ridiculous if a man had a liking for pot-making or glass-blowing that he should have to live in one place or be obliged to forego the work he liked.” “I see no smoke coming from the furnaces,” said I. “Smoke?” said Dick; “why should you see smoke?” I held my tongue, and he went on: “It's a nice place inside, though as plain as you see outside. As to the crafts, throwing the clay must be jolly work: the glass-blowing is rather a sweltering job; but some folk like it very much indeed; and I don't much wonder: there is such a sense of power, when you have got deft in it, in dealing with the hot metal. It makes a lot of pleasant work,” said he, smiling, “for however much care you take of such goods, break they will, one day or another, so there is always plenty to do.” I held my tongue and pondered. We came just here on a gang of men road-mending which delayed us a little; but I was not sorry for it; for all I had seen hitherto seemed a mere part of a summer holiday; and I wanted to see how this folk would set to on a piece of real necessary work. They had been resting, and had only just begun work again as we came up; so that the rattle of the picks was what woke me from my musing. There were about a dozen of them, strong young men, looking much like a boating party at Oxford would have looked in the days I remembered, and not more troubled with their work: their outer raiment lay on the road-side in an orderly pile under the guardianship of a six-year-old boy, who had his arm thrown over the neck of a big mastiff, who was as happily lazy as if the summer-day had been made for him alone. As I eyed the pile of clothes, I could see the gleam of gold and silk embroidery on it, and judged that some of"
    ]

    random.seed(8)
    # Initialize multiprocessing
    freeze_support()

    # Process documents using multiprocessing Pool
    with Pool() as pool:
        processed_texts = pool.map(process_document, documents)

    # Create a dictionary representation of the documents.
    dictionary = corpora.Dictionary(processed_texts)

    # Create a corpus from the dictionary and tokenized documents
    corpus = [dictionary.doc2bow(text) for text in processed_texts]

    # Train the LDA model
    lda_model = models.LdaMulticore(corpus, num_topics=20, alpha=50/20, id2word=dictionary, passes=20, random_state=8)

    # Extract topic-document distribution
    topic_document_distribution = [lda_model.get_document_topics(item) for item in corpus]

    # Print the topic-document distribution for each document
    for doc_id, dist in enumerate(topic_document_distribution):
        print(f"Document {doc_id + 1}:")
        for topic, prob in dist:
            print(f"  Topic {topic}: {prob:.4f}")
        print()

    # Interpret and print top words for each topic
    topics = lda_model.show_topics(num_topics=20, num_words=3, formatted=False)
    for topic_num, topic_words in topics:
        top_words = ", ".join(word for word, prob in topic_words)
        print(f"Topic {topic_num}: {top_words}")
